docs: (IAC-837) Add clarification text for V4_CFG_MANAGE_STORAGE settings (#373)
sassoftware/viya4-deployment: docs/CONFIG-VARS.md

### Azure

> When V4_CFG_MANAGE_STORAGE is set to `true`, the `sas` and `pg-storage` storage classes are created (Azure NetApp or NFS).

Author: ```suggestion
When V4_CFG_MANAGE_STORAGE is set to `true`, the `sas` and `pg-storage` storage classes are created by the nfs-subdir-external-provisioner (Azure NetApp or NFS).
```

Reviewer: Why are we identifying the tool set being used here? Not sure the advantage. It's now a maintenance item that would have to be checked and/or verified if we ever change. Just asking.

Author: Wanted to align Azure with AWS and GCP sections, I've removed that reference as I misunderstood your earlier comment.

### AWS

> When V4_CFG_MANAGE_STORAGE is set to `true`, the efs-provisioner is deployed, the `sas` and `pg-storage` storage classes are created (EFS or NFS).

Author: How about adding this extra bit to help clarify what's creating the storage classes?
```suggestion
When V4_CFG_MANAGE_STORAGE is set to `true`, the efs-provisioner is deployed, the `sas` and `pg-storage` storage classes are created by the nfs-subdir-external-provisioner (EFS or NFS).
```

> When V4_CFG_MANAGE_STORAGE is set to `true`, the efs-provisioner is deployed, the `sas` and `pg-storage` storage classes are created (EFS or NFS).

Reviewer 2: How about this? When V4_CFG_MANAGE_STORAGE is set to `true`, the efs-provisioner is deployed and the `sas` and `pg-storage` storage classes are created (EFS or NFS). The storage classes are configured to use the same storage locations on the machines as the managed storage class (sas).

> When V4_CFG_MANAGE_STORAGE is set to `true`, the efs-provisioner is deployed, the `sas` and `pg-storage` storage classes are created (EFS or NFS).

Author: @thpang, I misunderstood your comment, I've updated the suggested text to indicate that they both use the same storage location.

> When V4_CFG_MANAGE_STORAGE is set to `true`, the efs-provisioner is deployed, the `sas` and `pg-storage` storage classes are created (EFS or NFS).

Author: @thpang, does the suggested change from Susan that I added for lines 111, 115 and 119 to say that the `pg-storage` class is using the same storage location as the `sas` storage class help make that clear? If so, you can commit those suggestions.

### GCP

> When V4_CFG_MANAGE_STORAGE is set to `true`, the `sas` and `pg-storage` storage classes are created (Google Filestore or NFS).

Author: I would add the same suggestion as above to this GCP section and the Azure one above AWS.

> When V4_CFG_MANAGE_STORAGE is set to `true`, the `sas` and `pg-storage` storage classes are created (Google Filestore or NFS).

Reviewer: Same as above.

| backrest_pvc_storage_size | Size of the internal pgBackrest PVCs | string | 128Gi | false | This value can be changed but not decreased after the initial deployment. Supported for cadence versions 2022.10 and later. Only for internal databases.| viya |
| postgres_pvc_access_mode | Access mode for the PostgreSQL PVCs | string | ReadWriteOnce | false | Supported values: [`ReadWriteOnce`,`ReadWriteMany`]. This value cannot be changed after the initial deployment. Supported for cadence versions 2022.10 and later. Only for internal databases.| viya |
| backrest_pvc_access_mode | Access mode for the pgBackrest PVCs | string | ReadWriteOnce | false | Supported values: [`ReadWriteOnce`,`ReadWriteMany`]. This value cannot be changed after the initial deployment. Supported for cadence versions 2022.10 and later. Only for internal databases.| viya |

> | postgres_storage_class | Storage class for the PostgreSQL PVCs | string | pg-storage | false |This value cannot be changed after the initial deployment. Supported for cadence versions 2022.10 and later. Only for internal databases. The default value is only used if `V4_CFG_MANAGE_STORAGE` is set to `true`. If `V4_CFG_MANAGE_STORAGE` is set to false, set the value to your pre-existing StorageClass name. | viya |

Reviewer: I would get clarification on the wording here. The last sentence seems a bit off. Have Susan or someone help with the wording.

Author: @supear, For the last sentence, I am trying to convey that if V4_CFG_MANAGE_STORAGE is set to false, viya4-monitoring will not create the default pg-storage storage class so the name of a pre-existing storage class must be provided. Can you suggest alternate wording to convey that more clearly than above?
Maybe I should also change the 2nd to last sentence to say: "The default pg-storage storage class is only created when `V4_CFG_MANAGE_STORAGE` is set to `true`.

Author: @thpang here's that section with Susan's update, how's that sound now?
```suggestion
| postgres_storage_class | Storage class for the PostgreSQL PVCs | string | pg-storage | false |This value cannot be changed after the initial deployment. Supported for cadence versions 2022.10 and later. Only for internal databases. When `V4_CFG_MANAGE_STORAGE` is set to `true`, a storage class named `pg-storage` is created and is configured as the default storageClass. If `V4_CFG_MANAGE_STORAGE` is set to false, specify the name of an existing storage class for the value. | viya |
```

> | backrest_storage_class | Storage class for the pgBackrest PVCs | string | pg-storage | false |This value cannot be changed after the initial deployment. Supported for cadence versions 2022.10 and later. Only for internal databases. The default value is only used if `V4_CFG_MANAGE_STORAGE` is set to `true`. If `V4_CFG_MANAGE_STORAGE` is set to false, set the value to your pre-existing StorageClass name. | viya |

Reviewer: Same as above.

Reviewer: Was this one not changed or was it reviewed?

Author: @thpang I don't see the suggestion that you just resolved for line 264 in the commits. If you didn't also apply the suggested change for line 264 I will update 264 to match the same suggestion for line 265 below.

Author: @thpang lines 264 & 265 have now been updated with Susan's suggested text, please comment or resolve this one if you are good with that result.

> | backrest_storage_class | Storage class for the pgBackrest PVCs | string | pg-storage | false |This value cannot be changed after the initial deployment. Supported for cadence versions 2022.10 and later. Only for internal databases. The default value is only used if `V4_CFG_MANAGE_STORAGE` is set to `true`. If `V4_CFG_MANAGE_STORAGE` is set to false, set the value to your pre-existing StorageClass name. | viya |

Author: Same desired change, was just waiting for approval on line 264 before making the update to this item also. With this suggested change, they should match now.
```suggestion
| backrest_storage_class | Storage class for the pgBackrest PVCs | string | pg-storage | false |This value cannot be changed after the initial deployment. Supported for cadence versions 2022.10 and later. Only for internal databases. When `V4_CFG_MANAGE_STORAGE` is set to `true`, a storage class named `pg-storage` is created and is configured as the default storageClass. If `V4_CFG_MANAGE_STORAGE` is set to false, specify the name of an existing storage class for the value. | viya |
```

Author: committing this suggestion for line 265 and I will make the same change for line 264 that Thomas resolved above.
